Allow to solve multiple rules conflicts at once (#6896)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

.. http:patch:: /api/(version)/accounting/rules/conflicts

   Doing a PATCH on this endpoint will apply a conflict resolution method for the selected accounting rules.

  **Example Request**

  .. note::
     Either ``conflicts`` or ``solve_all_using`` need to be provided but not both together.

  .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      PATH /api/1/accounting/rules/conflicts HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042

      {"conflicts": [{"local_id": "1", "solve_using": "remote"}]}

  :reqjsonarr string local_id: The identifier of the rule that will be updated.
  :reqjsonarr string solve_using: Either ``remote`` or ``local``.

>   :reqjsonarr strin solve_all_using: Either ``remote`` or ``local``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :reqjsonarr string solve_all_using: Either ``remote`` or ``local``. If this is given it should be the only key in the request.
```
